Update doc on target namespace (#712)
fluxcd/kustomize-controller: docs/spec/v1beta1/kustomization.md

  targetNamespace: test
```

> While the field `targetNamespace` in Kustomization is optional, if this field exists, then the k8s namespace pointed to by `targetNamespace` is expected to exist, kustomize-controller will not create it otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the field `targetNamespace` in a Kustomization is optional, if this field is non-empty then the Kubernetes namespace pointed to by `targetNamespace` must exist prior to the Kustomization being applied, kustomize-controller will not create the namespace.
```
